TD: Update Plugins overview page (#7465)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_includes/md/about-plugins.md

Reviewer: Let's take out the section at the bottom for "Contributing custom plugins". I put some info about that at the top instead, calling out the partners team.

Reviewer: Can you somehow feature links to https://docs.konghq.com/hub/plugins/compatibility/ and https://docs.konghq.com/hub/plugins/license-tiers/ on this page? They are both difficult to find and we constantly have people being surprised at their existence.

 The compatibility page is especially useful, as it covers:
* deployment topologies 
* scopes - ie which entities a plugin can be applied to
* protocols - which protocols a plugin supports, eg http/https, tcp/tls, etc

{:.note}
> **Note on precedence for consumer groups**:
When a consumer is a member of two consumer groups, each with a scoped plugin, 
{{site.base_gateway}} ensures deterministic behavior by executing only one of these plugins. 
However, the specific rules that govern this behavior are not defined and are subject to change in future releases.

## Plugin compatibility with deployment types

{{site.base_gateway}} can be deployed in a variety of ways, and not all plugins
are fully compatible with each mode. See [Plugin Compatibility](/hub/plugins/compatibility#plugin-compatibility)
for a comparison.

## Custom plugins

### Developing custom plugins

Kong provides an entire development environment for developing plugins,
including Plugin Development Kits (or PDKs), database abstractions, migrations, and more.

Plugins consist of modules interacting with the request/response objects or
streams via a PDK to implement arbitrary logic.
Kong provides PDKs in the following languages:
* [Lua](/gateway/latest/plugin-development/)
* [Go](/gateway/latest/plugin-development/pluginserver/go/)
* [Python](/gateway/latest/plugin-development/pluginserver/python/)

> * [Javascript](/gateway/latest/plugin-development/pluginserver/javascript/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [JavaScript](/gateway/latest/plugin-development/pluginserver/javascript/)
```

A single plugin instance always runs _once_ per request. The
configuration with which it runs depends on the entities it has been
configured for.
Plugins can be configured for various entities, combinations of entities, or even globally.
This is useful, for example, when you want to configure a plugin a certain way for most requests but make _authenticated requests_ behave slightly differently.

Therefore, there is an order of precedence for running a plugin when it has been applied to different entities with different configurations. The number of entities configured to a specific plugin directly correlates to its priority. The more entities a plugin is configured for, the higher its order of precedence.

The complete order of precedence for plugins configured to multiple entities is:

> 

Reviewer: I really like the rework of this section!

### Precedence for consumer groups

When a consumer is a member of two consumer groups, each with a scoped plugin, {{site.base_gateway}} ensures deterministic behavior by executing only one of these plugins. However, the specific rules that govern this behavior are not defined and are subject to change in future releases.

## Terminology
**Plugin**
: An extension to {{site.base_gateway}}.

:  For plugins developed and maintained by Kong, plugin versioning generally does not impact your implementation, other than helping you determine which versions of Kong contain specific plugin features.
Kong plugins are bundled with the {{site.base_gateway}}, ensuring that compatible plugin versions are already associated with the correct version of Kong.

**Kong plugin** or **Kong bundled plugin**
: A plugin developed, maintained, and [supported by Kong](/hub/?support=kong-inc).

: Unlike third-party plugins, which are not maintained by Kong and are not bundled with the {{site.base_gateway}}, version compatibility for Kong plugins is less of a concern.
: If the versions on a plugin page is outdated, contact the maintainer directly.

**Plugin supported by 3rd party**

> : A plugin categorized under "Contact 3rd party for support." This custom plugin is developed, tested, and maintained by an external developer, not by Kong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A plugin categorized under ["Contact 3rd party for support"](/hub/?support=community). 
This custom plugin is developed, tested, and maintained by an external developer, not by Kong.
```

> Unless explicitly labeled as a technical partner, Kong does not test these plugins or maintain their version compatibility. If the versions listed on the plugin page is outdated, contact the maintainer directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless explicitly labeled as a [tech partner](/hub/?support=third-party-partner), Kong does not test these plugins or maintain their version compatibility. If the versions listed on the plugin page are outdated, contact the maintainer directly.
```

> **Technical partner plugin**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tech partner plugin**
```
The label is tech partner, maybe this is better? what do you think?

of functions that a plugin can use to facilitate interactions between plugins
and the core (or other components) of Kong.

To start creating your own plugins, review the [Getting Started documentation](/gateway/latest/plugin-development/get-started/).

For more information about the PDK, review the following documentation: 

* [Plugin Development Guide](/gateway/latest/plugin-development/)
* [Plugin Development Kit reference](/gateway/latest/plugin-development/pdk/)

> * [Other Language Support](/gateway/latest/plugin-development/pluginserver/go/)

Reviewer: We should add a bit more info here - maybe a list/links of plugin development languages we support, and the performance page? 
https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/plugin-development/pluginserver/performance/
